[Music]
hello and what's up rby Pokemon
challenges fam how you guys doing it has
been a very long minute since I've been
on here it's good to be back it's good
to see you I'm going to have a live
Channel update at the end of this video
but for now let's get into the challenge
today we are going to try to beat the
entire game of Pokemon yellow with a Mew
now mew is kind of interesting in the
fact that in spite of the fact that it's
the second highest base stat total
Pokemon in the game and arguably the
second best Pokemon in the game it can't
beat Brock on minimum battles in fact
it's one of several incredibly strong
Pokemon that just don't get through the
first gym on minimum battles because
there are no good early game move sets
in spite of the fact that Mew should be
able to learn basically everything it
starts the game with only pound and the
only level up move that it could
possibly get in this section of the game
would be transform which at level eight
not even going to get there and I think
it levels straight up to level 11 after
beating Brock so it never even learns
transform on minimum battles so there's
just no logical way to get through that
fight pound's going to do like what one
or two damage per hit there's just no
way but I do think that we can still get
a pretty good finish with this Pokemon
it's just going to require a little
extra grinding in the Brock section and
after that I'm pretty sure it's going to
be smooth sailing I have never done a
just standard Mew Challenge on the
channel I've always done Mew with like
special moves or something so this is
something that I really wanted to get
out of the way of course our massive TM
learn set is going to be a massive
Advantage as we go through this one
anyway let's go ahead and get into this
one and see how it goes and as usual
Professor Oak is going to find a random
Legendary Pokémon outside of Pallet Town
and he's just going to catch it with a
single pokeball now he's just going to
give it to some random kid because uh
his grandson's a
jerk man Koke if you had just waited a
little longer you could have gotten a
Mew instead you're going to get this
Eevee and now it takes only a few
seconds for garyoke to realize his
mistake as we get into the Rival one
fight we're simply going to hold down
ottaway on pound this is looking like
maybe a five hit KO range and he misses
a tackle even we get through with no
damage easy easy Victory now as usual we
are running a zero DVS Mew we want to
have the weakest possible me as we go
through this challenge so that we know
what it takes to beat the game even in
the worst case with this Pokemon which
the higher your base stat total is the
less DVS really matter because DVS
always just add a fixed amount of stats
to everything so if you have Max DVS
you're going to be 15 points higher at
level 50 in every single stat that's the
same for HP attack defense everything so
when your base stats are already 100 and
everything that's not actually a massive
percentage increase by any means it can
affect some slight ranges but really the
DBS are far more important when you're
dealing with weak Pokemon when you're
dealing with something like a Zubat the
difference between Max DVS and zero DVS
would be absolutely massive but in the
case of Mew it's kind of just a little
bit of but in the case of Mew it's
really just kind of a rounding error so
with that being said we are not going to
be able to beat Brock on minimum battles
I will go up there on minimum battles
and just test it one time to see how it
goes but I can pretty much guarantee
that it's not going to work and we're
going to have to come back here and
grind some extra opponents so after
beating the bug catcher and vidian
Forest we get to level eight which is
standard for all medium slow level up
Pokémon and now we'll go ahead and just
try Brock one time I already know that
we're not going to be able to beat him
but we may as well just verify maybe I
made a strategy mistake when I was
testing we'll just see so here we go
Brock attempt number one
[Music]
so here in our first attempt against
Brock there's nothing to do but just
hold Auto a on pound and we can see that
literally did one damage and we took
five damage in return from the Geodude
Geodude in Pokemon yellow Only Knows
tackle so outside of him missing an
infinite number of times which is a 5%
chance per turn there's just no way that
we would ever get through this fight so
we'll just take our first reset and now
it's time to just go grind some extra
battles I think we we have to at least
get to no transform before we have any
shot but even then it's probably not
enough we're going to need probably at
least a couple more battles to make this
work so the first battle that I always
take in these cases is this second bug
catcher in Verdian Forest he has two
metapods and a Caterpie so he's always
basically a guaranteed win unless you've
got a Pokemon that can't struggle all
three Pokemon down we saw that with
Alakazam if I recall correctly but
outside of that this fight's always
basically guaranteed and it gets most
Pokemon at least two levels so just like
that we have learned transform I'm going
to go ahead and try Brock again at this
point just because maybe with transform
strats we can somehow make it work but
let's find out it is also worth noting
that level 10 is a damage rounding
threshold So in theory we could do more
damage but I'm not sure it's actually
going to work out so here Brock attempt
number two we can see that we're doing
two damage per hit now with pound we're
taking four damage in return so I still
don't think we could get through this
now of course if we train transform into
the Geodude we would have more HP but we
would also have to struggle against it
and we've only got five PP and Tackle so
I just don't see any way that we're
actually going to get through here like
yes we're going to knock out the Geodude
from the looks of it but we won't have
any HP left for the Onyx which means
that this is still an impossible fight
so since that doesn't work the next
damage rounding threshold is actually at
level 13 and we should be able to get
there before we take on Brock again so
I'm going to start off by fighting rival
1A we almost never fight this dude but
by beating him we will get the jolon
team which is also theoretically harder
for us cuz jolon will no pin missile in
the late game let's just see how it
works so here rival 1A I'm just going to
hold down ottaway on pound against the
speo it's three hit k. out comes the
Eevee we are at a higher level than
Eevee and this is looking to be a 4 hit
K.O easy Victory and we get to level 11
so I'm going to fight a couple more bug
catchers get to at least level 13 and
then we'll go try Brock again so after
two more battles we are at level 13 now
so let's go try Brock with the next
damage rounding threshold and let's see
if transform strats can somehow make
this work so Brock round three let's
just see what pound does it does three
damage per hit now and we're taking
three damage per hit back so we will
absolutely be able to knock out the
Geodude we also have a higher critical
hit chance than Geodude so this should
work out pretty darn well let's see if
we can get to Onyx with at least enough
health I'm I'm going to stick with pound
for now once he uses B that's when I'll
Transform now I'm going to actually use
Screech three times in order to lower
his defense with the idea being that
once we get his defense all the way down
we should at least in theory be able to
do better damage here and I'm going to
spam bind while he's using B this is
actually a pretty effective strategy
since it will only count one of the hits
from bind I'll actually use tackle while
he's not using bide but once he goes
into B I'll use bind on him and we're
getting him pretty low I'm going to use
bind myself now hoping that he'll attack
me with something he uses bind on me rip
so we're going to do like next to no
damage back but we are doing three
damage per hit with tackle so we knock
him out and just like that it's taken 9
minutes and 27 seconds took a bunch of
optional battles but we did manage to
beat Brock with our Mew so two resets
both just trying to test out strategies
against Brock and three optional battles
but Mew gets through no problem so with
that being done it's time to just make
our way through Mount Moon and we
shouldn't have too much trouble in this
next section so let's make our way
straight to the super nerd at the end of
the mountain so here just in front of
the super nerd I have actually skipped
getting both the water gun and Mega
Punch TMS I don't think I need either of
them I'm going to hold out for bubble
beam in order to have a water type move
and here pound is more than enough to
take out this super nerd I think here we
even get a two hit oh it's a three hit
ko. just barely missed the two hit range
on that volt orb and here we shouldn't
really have any issues with the coughing
as long as we don't get poisoned very
nice and we're all the way up to level
18 already so we're going to outlevel
everything on Jesse and James's team
that being said they can still be a
little tough so let's see how it goes so
here against the ekin I'm just going to
use pound it's a two hit ko. out comes
Meowth Meowth can be tough with bite but
here since we're four levels higher it
easily goes down and coughing is just
kind of defensively bulky but we do
manage to knock it out in four hits so
with that we've made it through Mount
moon on minimum battles we can now make
our way to C so with that we've made it
through Mount moon on minimum battles
and we're to Cerulean City where I think
the best strategy is actually to fight
rival 2 first I think we want to do this
just to get a couple extra levels if we
can get to Mega Punch before we fight
against Misty we should have better
ranges when we actually get into that
fight so here's rival 2 attempt number
one so here I'm going to just lead off
with pound against the spearo it's a
two-hit ko. with a critical hit sandrew
is the one that's kind of scary because
it's so bulky it looks to be a 4it ko.
but we don't get any sand attacks that
was perfect now the ratata is just a
two- hitter and Eevee is going to sand
attack us but hopefully we can hit we
have a four hit K range and we get it on
the first try and level up to level 20
so very nice we are now able to use Mega
Punch in battle that's why I avoided the
Mega Punch TM we're just going to learn
it anyway so what's the point I'm going
to go over the Nugget bridge and just
get a couple extra levels and then we'll
go try Misti so I had a couple of
accidental resets there of using a new
controller so I'm up to five resets but
only two of them are actually legit but
I'm going to just take on everything
here on the way to Bill's house and then
go back and take on Misty the hardest
trainer is definitely this Onyx trainer
right here fortunately Mega Punch is
doing very decent damage so as long as
we don't get binded too much we should
be able to get through this and sure
enough we get it on the first attempt so
finally we can take on the Oddish last
just before Bill's house this one really
shouldn't be too hard I'm going to save
the Mega Punch here for the Pidgey I
want to just One-Shot it so I don't get
any accuracy drops and there we go we
get easy one hit Kos on those Pokémon
now that we've gotten to Billy boy's
house we're up to level 23 and I think
at this level we should have no problems
taking on Misty but let's find out if
that's the case but just before I do
that I'm going to take on this innocent
bystander and get access to the Dig TM
now dig is probably not completely
necessary but it is a very strong move
for this point in the game and I think
it's the first TM I'm actually going to
learn on my Mew so here against the
goldine trainer we can even test it out
dig is a 100 base power move move and
with a critical hit at just one shots
against that goldine so now it's time to
take on Misty and see how this goes with
Mega Punch and
[Music]
dig so miss the attempt number one I'm
simply going to use Mega Punch on the
first Staryu it doesn't quite one shot
that's where the Dig with 100 base power
really would help but I'm going to use
Mega Punch until she starts using her X
defense here it's a three hit KO on Star
me just with the Mega Punch easy Victory
took 23 minutes but that's largely
because I got all the way to Misty once
and then accidentally reset on my
controller so the time got a little
screwed but here five resets three
optional but here five resets three
optional battles one TM we're still
sitting at 97.75%
we should still definitely be an S tier
finish with this Pokemon but let's find
out if I make any more mistakes like
resetting unnecessarily for now we're
just going to make our way down to the
SSN there are no required battles in the
SSN other than rival number three so
we're just going to get straight to that
fight and see how it goes now keep in
mind that yes body slam and rest are on
the SSN but on a minimum battles run you
cannot get those moves they're both
locked behind optional trainers so you
just have to skip them in spite of the
fact that they're two of the better
Moves In the game so here is just time
for rival number three he's going to
lead off of course with his sparo I'm
just going to Mega Punch it that is a
one hit ko. ratata once we land the Mega
Punch is more of the same we get to
level 26 here I'm going to use dig
against the sandrew it's not quite a one
hit but we get a two hit ko. there and
I'm going to keep with dig against Eevee
since it is the strongest move and now
pound just to finish it off so easy
Victory right there no problems
whatsoever and now that we've gotten
through the SSN I'm going to go straight
to Lieutenant surge obviously dig is
going to make very quick work of the
Raichu let's see if we can on-shot it or
not so after the trash can puzzle
Lieutenant Serge he's just waiting to
get
[Music]
beat I'm so confident here that I didn't
even heal coming into this fight I'm
just going to use dig he Mega kicks me
but dig is a one hit Koo easy Victory I
I think that one's perfectly consistent
26 minutes up to this point really not
too bad didn't need any more optional
battles no more TMS we're cruising let's
go ahead and make our way to seladon
city now we do have a couple of really
good TMS here with Thunderbolt and
bubble beam in the bag I'm going to hold
off on both of those moves for now
though we got to keep in mind that in
the case of Thunderbolt it's not really
useful against anything other than the
rivals cloer basically until we get to
the Elite 4 once we get to the Elite 4
I'm going to be really wanting to use
that move against laurelai and Lance so
I'm just going to save that TM for now
I'm not going to learn it too quickly
because we might want to learn other
Moves In the meantime so now we can make
it to the Rock Tunnel hiker where dig
should be more than enough here even
with a defense girl we just one shot
there level up to level 29 we can knock
out the next Geodude and he just defense
CS with all of his Pokemon easy game
even if he's self-destructed as long as
he does it while we're underground who
cares and with that we've got one
trainer to fight and we can make our way
to Lavender town and with no further
troubles we're in seladon city where
we've actually leveled up enough to
learn metronome on our Mew and I'm going
to get a bunch of useful TMS here let's
just see what we end up using I think
Ice Beam is going to be necessary Ice
Beam is just so incredibly powerful at
this point in the game I think we can
pretty much hold off on everything else
though and while I could get psychic in
this section of the game I'm just going
to hold off because we're going to learn
psychic anyway at level 40 I don't think
we're actually going to miss it that
much in the meantime dig and ice be beam
are more than strong enough to get
through basically everything so instead
I'm just going to go straight to Erica
where this shouldn't be too much of a
[Music]
challenge so here against Erica the
strategy is pretty simple I think I'm
just going to spam Ice Beam it's going
to be a two hitter here on the Tanga but
Mega drain doesn't do that much here
against the weeping it's another two hit
GA it hits us with acid but that doesn't
really matter we get to level 31 and
then just one shot the Gloom easy easy
Victory 35 minutes into this one still
only three optional battles we've
learned 2 ATMs but really the main point
is I think that Mew only needs a couple
of optional battles to beat Brock and
then you're pretty much smooth sailing
from there we could probably be at least
10 minutes faster than this if I just
hadn't reset by mistake Midway through
so really this isn't an optimized
speedrun by any means but I'm sure that
if you did a speedrun of this you could
get this to be pretty darn fast as long
as you just knew which battles to take
at the beginning we may come back and
mess with that later for now let's just
make our way into the rocket Hideout
where all of our moves should be more
than strong enough to easily knock out
all of these Pokemon if I don't dig
against a Zubat Mega Punch obviously
just one shots so here against Jesse and
James it's really just a matter of
spamming dig and Mega Punch to just one
shot all of these Pokémon and with that
we can make our way to Giovani so first
things first against the Onyx I'm just
going to use Ice Beam it's a guaranteed
one hit Kos same for the ryhorn easy
Victory and now against the Persian this
is where I'm going to go for dig
strategies since dig is the stronger
move and we easily get two hits to knock
it out so just like that the rocket
Hideout is done we can get out of here
and make our way back to Lavender where
after a quick heal we'll just take on
Rival number four so here against the
Rival I'm just going to Ice Beam the FOH
that's one hitter shelder comes out I'm
going to just stick with Mega Punch here
it's going to be a two hit ko. out comes
Vulpix we can just dig and get a
guaranteed one hitter the sandrew comes
out I'm going to go for the Ice Beam to
knock it out very quickly and against
Eevee let's just use dig I guess it's an
easy one hit ko. and just like that
we're up to level 34 with our Mew we're
basically just crushing everything at
this point I think we might have some
challenges as we get really late in the
game but for now this is just a cakewalk
I will be avoiding optional battles as
much as possible though so we're really
just going to be relying on our move set
to hopefully get us through every
challenge unfortunately nothing else
here in the tower is going to give us
any trouble we take out the Marowak very
easily obviously Jesse and James are
just a joke at this point so we should
have an easy Victory next we have to
decide how to progress though I think
I'm going to try rival number five first
before going to Koga since we don't have
a super effective move against Koga at
this point we're only at level 35 we
need five more levels in order to get to
psychic so I'm going to see if I can
just beat the silco section first and
then maybe we we can manage to get
enough levels to just go take on Koga
with psychic at which point that one
should also be incredibly easy now there
are only four required battles here in
silco we have to fight one random rocket
we have to fight rival number five and
then Jesse and James and Giovani so I'm
not sure it's enough to actually get us
the levels that we'll need to get to
psychic at this point it's also possible
that Closter poses a big trouble for us
at which point we might think about
learning Thunderbolt at this point in
the game as well so here rival 5 attempt
number one let's see how it goes against
the sand slash obviously just go for Ice
Beam it's a two hit ko. at this point we
level up to level 36 now against
Ninetails I'm just going to use dig we
don't quite get the one hitter so I'm
just going to use a Mega Punch to finish
it off Closter is kind of the issue and
it even lowers our attack with an aurora
beam and clamp is doing massive damage
and that didn't work I used a couple of
metronomes just to see if we could get a
good move it just did not work out so
let's try again here oh we metronome
Thunderbolt on the sand slash that's not
what we wanted but there we go we knock
it out easily Ninetails once again let's
use dig it's going to be a two hit ko.
we get a tail whip which does raise our
stats a little bit Mega Punch with a
critical hit did that much though so
headbutt Aurora beam we're just not
getting the moves that we need I think
this is going to be far more consistent
if we do learn a move like Thunderbolt
here so I'm just going to go ahead and
learn it at this point if we ever do
need to forget it I guess there is a
thunder TM later on but Thunderbolt is a
useful enough move that I think it makes
sense I'm going to go ahead and learn
this over metronome metronome is just
kind of a gimmick I don't think we
really want to have that move so now on
Closter again with Thunderbolt it is a
two-hit KO it uses withdraw which means
nothing Kadabra comes out and tries
disable but a single dig knocks it out
now jolon is always going to go for pin
missile against us but we use dig it's
not quite a one hitter but he uses a
potion good job rifle number five so
there we go we do get through it took
quite a few resets there we're up to
resets but we have managed to get
through that fight I don't think Jesse
and James are going to pose any major
issues for us so I'm just going to heal
up a little bit let's get into that
fight we are up to level 37 so we're
just a couple of levels away from
getting psychic 2 and with Jesse and
James easily defeated it's time to take
on Giovani so here the big issue is that
we're actually low on PP and dig but I
think it's fine one dig will knock out
the narino here against the Persian we
can go for the ice beams I'm just going
for ice beams since it has the chance to
freeze Ice Beam is perfectly fine on
ryhorn and
technically nle Queen has lower special
than defense so I think Ice Beam is the
way to go here it's going to be a two
hit KO easy Victory as we get to level
39 so still just one level off of
psychic there are two jugglers to fight
in koga's gym so I think we're going to
get there naturally I don't think we
need to use any of our rare candies at
this point now I will pick up the Swords
Dance TM here since technically that
could be a really good move especially
late in the game if we we need a
stronger earthquake or something like
that and of course we'll grab the
earthquake TM in the rare candy and now
it's just time to get out of here and
make our way down south and here after
we get through the second juggler we do
in fact learn the move psychic I'm just
going to learn it over Mega Punch at
this point and let's see if it works out
so psychic is a move that we'll want to
keep for the late game it will be pretty
good in a lot of spots but for now let's
go ahead and take on Koga
[Music]
this is one of the spots where psychic
is absolutely the best move we can use
psychic to onshot the first venonat
psychic will one-hot the second venonat
psychic will One-Shot the third venonat
now this venomoth will only use leech
life against us because we are psychic
type leech life isn't going to do that
much psychic with a critical hit one
shots and we win getting the level 41 so
here reset so far the vast majority of
those came on Rival number five
obviously Thunderbolt helped there we're
up to 4 TMS at this point in the run but
still not doing too bad and with that
we've gotten through Koga in 49 minutes
obviously you could get this way faster
I've just been kind of dilly-dallying
here this is what happens when you don't
play Pokemon very much for a couple
months oh my speed is just down so bad
don't worry we'll come back we'll get
this we'll get this properly at some
point so now we have to decide whether
to go take on some Sabrina or take on
Blaine I'm actually going to go take on
Blaine first the reason is pretty simple
I have dig on the learn set so we're
already going to have a super effective
move I think it will be enough to get
through that pretty easily so we can
wander through the Pokemon mansion where
they talk all about Mew and yet somehow
we completely just Escape all of their
attention with our completely Legendary
Pokémon nobody seems to really
understand just how great this Pokemon
is I mean we've beaten the game on
minimal battles in a few different ways
with this Pokemon using only one hit KO
moves we had the run where we did the HM
moves only one of the more epic runs
with the HM mule but this one I just
wanted to try Mew as it's actually
intended to be played and honestly it's
pretty impressive it's a pretty good
Pokemon overall obviously the stats
would dictate that but really it's
usually just held back by the early game
if you ever wanted to do something on
minimum battles it just doesn't really
work because of the fact that you have
to grind at least a few battles at the
start of the game to make it that being
said you could easily just do some sort
of tradeback where you just tted a
single TM move like water gun in another
version of the game and this Pokemon
would just Crush granted you could also
teach a t tm28 tomb Stoner and then it
would crush everything but let's go
ahead and try
blae so bla attack attempt number one
I'm just going to go with dig right here
and dig one shots with a critical hit
there against the Ninetails we get fire
spin from the rapid Dash we are slower
keeping in mind we're nine levels lower
here and we get a growl that's really
not ideal so I'm not sure we're going to
win this fight it misses a fire spin
there though so we do knock it out out
comes the Arcanine which goes for
reflect that's kind of the worst case
scenario here he goes reflect again I
think we just need a critical hit he
reflects again and now flamethrower
finally knocks us out so that was pretty
bad but that makes me think that the
strategy here might be to go for some
sort of Swords Dan like logically dig
and ice be at Thunderbolt are really
useful psychic doesn't have that much
utility when we think about the Pokemon
that we'd actually want to use psychic
on from here on out they're basically
Agatha's gengars which dig or earthquake
are perfectly fine against and basically
Bruno but I mean Bruno is Bruno so I
think psychic can actually be off the
move set and replaced with Swords Dance
which should make our moves quite a bit
stronger it will give us the badge boost
glitch and technically we could always
just relearn psychic via TM so here in
attempt number two against Blaine I
meant to go Swords Dance here we go now
with the swords dances set up we're even
going to outspeed everything and now we
can use dig and knock out the Ninetails
we're faster than rapid Ash and we get
the one hit Koo now against Arcanine dig
one shots so clearly that was an
effective strategy so 10 resets so far 5
TMS we should have three optional
battles something has gone wrong with
the overlay I'll get that fixed but
there we go we have gotten through
Blaine just fine in this Swords Dance
dig strategy and may become Swords Dance
earthquake later on I don't know
earthquake and dig are kind of redundant
overall but basically this strategy
should allow us to get through pretty
much everything so now let's just try
our hand against Sabrina obviously
Sabrina is going to use Flash on on us
and uh everybody likes getting flashed
by Sabrina but we're hoping not to get
too many flashes here as we go ahead and
try to take her
[Music]
down so attempt number one against
Sabrina here I'm going to go for a
single Swords Dance at the beginning she
goes for an xde that's actually perfect
and now dig one shots the Abra I'm going
to go for a second source dance and even
the third sword dance here against
Kadabra we managed to dodge the Kinesis
now that's a one hit ko. and here the
Alakazam also a one hit ko. Alakazam
could use reflect which is why I wanted
to set them all up but that was an easy
easy Victory so with seven gyms out of
the way it's time now just to go take on
Giovani and let's see how this goes now
fortunately the fact that we have dig is
really really good here because dig is
going to be super effective against his
three best Pokemon the two NEOS and of
course the the ride on and with sword
dance I think it's going to be enough to
just one shot or at least twoot those
Pokémon and if all else fails we still
have ice beam to use on them as
[Applause]
well so here attempt number one against
Giovani I'm going to lead off by setting
up Swords Dance here against the Doug
Trio we get a sand attack which is
pretty bad but now that we're faster
fissure can't affect us I'm going to dig
since he digs and that's an easy one hit
ko. we level up right there we get a
Screech from the Persian and it's not a
one- hitter with our dig but we do get
the two hit K.O we miss our first dig
against neidle Queen and took massive
damage thanks to that greech but we onot
it the next turn here against neid King
earthquake knocks us out so it was all
about that accuracy drop basically let's
try this again we once again get a sand
attack from this first Doug Trio and
then get hit by dig which is a critical
hit so probably not winning this one we
were just a little bit too weak there so
this time we get dig turn one from the
Doug Trio I'm just going to use one
swords dancece and then knock it out
going to try to finish my Swords Dance
setup here against the Persian but it
gets a five hit critical hit with Fury
swipes are you kidding me and this time
we get fissured by the Doug Trio this is
terrible so next attempt we do manage to
get all of our setup off and in spite of
the double teams we knock out the
Persian here dig is enough to knock out
the need Queen dig will knock out the
neid king we level up here but we still
outspeed against the Rydon and one shot
it with a dig so it was really just a
matter of accuracy once we got through
with no accuracy drops and no like crazy
five hit critical hits from that Persian
really wasn't that bad so 14 resets now
5 TMS again there should be three
optional battles there but really not
too bad it's taken an hour and 2 minutes
to get to this point in the game and
we're on to the Elite 4 and we're very
likely at the point in the game where we
should start thinking about using our
rare candies I've just saved them all up
to this point because I try to save them
at least for the league in most cases
unless there's a really clear reason to
use them but just before the league of
course we have to take on Rival number
five but before the league of course we
have to take on Rival number six so
let's see if we can make quick work of
him so here rival number six I'm going
to lead off with the swords dances here
against this sand Slash use its poison
sting and Swift now we get a slash but
now Ice Beam should just one shot there
exec we're going to do the same thing
next out comes the Ninetails it's faster
with a quick attack but we one- shot it
there cloer we can just go Thunderbolt
and it's going to be a two hit K.O
actually but now against Kadabra I'll
just use dig and get the one hit K.O
jolteon's just going to use pin missile
and miss and the one hitter to knock it
out with dig so yeah rival six basically
not a challenge the real thing that I'm
worried about is the next fight is
against laurelai where in her case the
fact that she has all these bulky water
types probably means that Dig's not
going to be that great even with the
swords dances and Thunderbolts not going
to do that much damage when we're 10
levels lower so I think this might be
the spot to start think about rare
candies that was the strategy when I did
the Mewtwo run back in the day so it
just kind of makes sense that that would
be the best strategy here with a Mew as
well now fortunately there are no
required trainers in Victory Road so our
next battle is against Lori we've only
got five battles left in this run and of
course no sooner do I say that than I
accidentally run into a trainer and have
to reset so we're back to fight against
rival number six this shouldn't be too
hard we should be able to make our way
right back to Victory Road very quickly
and sure enough even with poison on we
were able to win the next attempt so a
lot of people ask why do you save so
much I know obviously for a speedrun you
don't want to be saving every single
time but I save a lot just because of
routing when you're doing minimum
battles runs a simple routing mistake
can completely destroy your run and on
this attempt we do manage to get through
that whole section without any issues so
just going to come up here to Victory
Road very quickly I'm actually going to
go to the power plant first just to get
one more rare candy I'm not sure if I'll
de it at all but since this is a first
attempt I'm simply going to get it just
in case and with all of that out of the
way I'm going to also just pick up the
psychic TM just in case we need it I
don't think we will but it's always good
to have and now with all of that done
it's time to just get into the Lura ey
fight I'm going to try once without rare
candies let's see how it goes
[Music]
so attempt one against laurelai first
off I'm just going to use Thunderbolt
here and let's just see the range it
does less than half against this Duong
now Duong will use rest a lot on turn
two so I'm going to start setting up
Swords Dance here and now let's see what
dig does dig one shots very nice clister
has really high defense so I'm going to
use Thunderbolt there same for slow bro
it's pretty bulky we've got badge boost
in our special as well so this should be
fine now against Jinx I'm going to go
dig and that should one shot I'm going
to use dig on Lapras 2 let's just see it
doesn't quite get the one hitter but it
does get the two hitter and just like
that we beat Lori on the first attempt
so with lur going down it's time to take
on Bruno I think a very similar strategy
will work here let's see how it goes
so Bruno attempt number one I'm just
going to set up the swords dances here
we don't really care what this Onyx does
cuz it's so incredibly weak it uses dig
very nice we'll just dig back and one
shot it against Hitmonchan technically
it can use the move double team I'm just
going to finish it off with Ice Beam
here hitmon Le too since their specials
so bad I guess Thunderbolt is perfectly
fine that's a nice two hitter out comes
Onyx let's just dig on it easy Victory
there and Machamp I'm gonna go for dig
get the one shot very very easy win so
now I think this is a spot to just go
ahead and use an ether on dig and I'm
going to use a full restore and now
let's try our hand against
[Music]
Agatha so here against Agatha first
attempt once again we're going for the
sword dances here we don't care about
Mega drain or anything like that and
once we get all the swords dances set up
I can guarantee that a dig will onot
this Pokemon as long as she doesn't use
a substitute she does substitute and
we're hitting ourselves in confusion
which is pretty terrible when you've
used swords dance but here we're able to
knock this one out on the next turn get
to level 50 here against the gbat I'm
going to go for Ice Beam turns out to be
a two hit ko. but still not too bad dig
against Haunter should just one shot
same against the Arbok we're just going
to dig easily knock out so now it's just
about this Gengar it confuses us and we
hit ourselves in confusion really not
for confusion we would have won that
fight so let's try attempt number two
here same strategy we don't mind lick we
don't mind really anything other than
getting confused and of course we get
confused by the gbat as she swaps out
but now we've snapped out a confusion we
can use ice beam to knock that one out
we level up here so we're going to be
outsped by the Gengar but we can use dig
and onot it out comes the Haunter
another dig plus one hit K.O very nice
here is the Arbok but she switches to
Gengar so we knock it out and we
outspeed Arbok so there we go second
attempt we easily beat Agatha we could
have beaten her the first time it's just
a matter of luck there's always going to
be a little bit of luck in Pokemon when
you're on zero DVS and running pretty
close to minimum battles this is pretty
darn good at the end of the day so now
it's time for Lance I'm going to go
ahead and just heal up my PP we have an
elixir in the bag we're going to use a
lot of ice beam and Thunderbolt here
let's see how it
[Music]
goes so attempt number one against Lance
I'm just going to go Thunderbolt on the
Gyarados it's not a one hitter though
and he gets in the hyperbeam range
hydropump does really good damage I'm
going to use Swords Dance here and used
hyperbeam so that's perfectly fine I'm
using sword dance to get badge boosts in
my special here we can One-Shot the two
dragon AES this is no problem whatsoever
actually we just missed the range there
and we are outsped by Aerodactyl and one
shot so I think this is actually a spot
to use some rare candies I'm going to
just get into the bag and go ahead and
get myself up to level 55 here at this
level I think with just a couple badge
boosts will be faster than the
Aerodactyl and let's see we might be
able to knock out this Gyarados so here
Thunderbolt is not quite a one shot it's
very close it's probably a range but we
don't get it we do get a Lear here
though so I'm just going to try to knock
it out we got a gen one miss with Ice
Beam are you kidding me oh my gosh so
now Ice Beam should definitely knock out
these two dragon a I'm going to use one
sword dance in order to outspeed the
Aerodactyl that's out next your ice beam
knocks that one out Ice Beam on
Aerodactyl is a one hit K.O and Ice Beam
on Dragonite one shot easy Victory as we
get to level 56 so we have made it all
the way to the champion with 22 resets
and five TMS there are also three
optional battles so you should knock
another 75 off our score so we're
actually sitting at a score of 92.5 at
this point but still not too bad we're s
tier this is a first attempt like
nothing has been optimized but we're
doing fine we still have seven rare
candies in the bag I'm going to try to
go into the champion fight without using
the rare candies we could technically
get to level 63 here but let's just see
if this works
[Applause]
[Music]
here rival here for the champion attempt
number one I'm going to lead off with
the swords dances against sand slash it
goes for Earth Quake there we are
getting badge boosts in defense it
misses Fury swipes now dig just one
shots we outspeed Alakazam dig will one
shot there I'm going to go for the Ice
Beam on exeggutor this is looking like a
two hitter as it uses barrage not too
bad easily get through that one now
cloer we're going to Thunderbolt we get
the one hit KO we've leveled up now I'm
going to go dig on Ninetails it's a one
hit ko. as well we get pin Missle from
the jolon but dig ends it level 57 was
all it took still had seven rare candies
in the bag really no problem to beat the
entire game with a Mew obviously Mew
just comes down to number one getting
through Brock three optional battles
will let you do it I fought rival 1A I
fought the second bug catcher in veridan
forest and I fought the Lightyear Junior
trainer very very easy to get that to go
after that I'm not using an optimal TM
strategy because I'm trying to keep my
score as high as possible on my scoring
system but if you simply used all the
best TMS at every given time you would
completely Crush the game you would get
rid of a ton of those resets and keep in
mind I'm running on zero DVS this is the
worst possible Mew so if you were using
vitamins like most people would do if
you were using better TM moves like most
people would do this Pokemon would
completely Crush the game as we would
expect but it's nice to see that even on
my stupid settings you still with
completely unoptimized strategies and
several spots where I lost time just due
to me resetting randomly at bad spots we
still beat the game in an hour 19
minutes hour 20 minutes and it wasn't
really that bad so uh yeah Mew there it
is oh I did something weird to my
backgrounds oh they're like rounded off
they've become
eggs oh man so yeah not the fastest run
but we do manage to get through very
nice and with that let's go ahead and
get into the post game I'm going to give
a little bit of a life and channel
update while I do this as we make our
way to the final challenge which is of
course to defeat Mewtwo so just catch up
with you guys for people who have
followed the channel you probably
already know I recently became a dad and
that has been awesome and very exciting
but at the same time I'm completely
exhausted 90% of the time you can
probably hear it in my commentary that
I'm not quite as put together and quite
as there as I usually would be oh man
you know the multiple wakeups every
night the you know once it hits like
6:00 in the morning and he does his you
know cry at 6 I'm just up I don't back
to sleep anymore um but you know like
it's it's very exciting but it's also a
lot of stress and a lot of work but you
know he's he's cool he's
awesome he's amazing but yeah what it is
affecting of course is my ability to
make videos so just on the channel side
like I initially had intended to have
other people edit videos for me I've had
three kind of attempts at that and you
could say that two were outright strikes
and one was kind of okay basically I had
talked to one guy all the way back in
April he had agreed to take it on
delivered footage to him and then never
got anything back and got no
communication after that that was when I
was doing the Gengar clefable run and I
I just said all right fine I'll just
edit it myself had another guy that I
was talking to and it just never went
anywhere and then finally I had a third
guy that I talked to you guys actually
saw the video that he produced for me
which was the Arcanine video how to
actually beat the game on minimal
battles using fire spin the problem with
that was he did a decent job I thought
the video was great it was just delayed
by about a
month so basically I'm still looking for
anybody who might be interested or
willing to help me out with editing I
would be looking for somebody who might
be you know able to produce just in a
little bit faster time frame so that I
can actually keep content coming out
that being said in the meantime I'm
going to try to keep editing videos like
this it's not going to be the most
amazing edit but I'm going to just try
to do as much as I can on my own
considering that I have like no time you
know compared to before like I used to
sit and just record and edit literally
every day and that was like my entire
day once I got home you know say hi to
the wife eat dinner and then get in here
and start recording and editing videos
with a baby that just isn't going to be
happening at least for a little while at
least until he gets into you know a a
daycare you know something like that I'm
going to just be spending time with my
son and I think that's important you
know so that being said if anybody's
interested hit me up my email the
discord's down below outside of that as
far as the channel goes you might see
more live streams in the short run
because it easier for me and my wife to
arrange that all right you just take
care of him for Saturday morning and
I'll you know jump on and do a live
stream or something like that and then
I'll do some quick edits on live streams
in order to make videos for people who
don't prefer the live stream format who
don't want to sit for 4 hours to watch
the entire run I can get it so uh yeah
I'll I'll be doing some kind of mix
between that live streams some edited
videos there might be some challenges
that are a little more straightforward
like this I haven't forgotten about a
bunch of things that I've promised to
people things like the Weedle with
Mewtwo stats just keep in mind that's
going to be like an easily 10hour
recording session and 10 hours is pretty
hard to come by so I'm going to be doing
it in chunks and it's just going to take
a little while appreciate your guys's
understanding anyway it's it's good to
be back it's good to be making content
my wife is super supportive my baby he's
just amazing uh if you guys have any
other questions or you just want to
shoot the breeze come over to Discord
and and say hi I'll be trying to check
the Discord more too Discord folks sorry
sorry I have been just so completely
absorbed
anyway that basically is my rant so
let's get into this m fight so of course
it is Mewtwo time to meet its progenitor
Mew he uses barrier I'm using the swords
dances here and he uses barrier again
I'm going to dig he goes for cover we're
just not doing that much damage oh we
might have to go for the Ice Beam Strat
no oh we get a critical hit there he
misses a psychic oh and we just barely
missed knocking him out
no you two we were supposed to win that
fight that was so close the epic battle
between two Titans okay we get a psychic
a critical hit psychic right off the bat
oh my gosh and now he goes two barriers
yet again and three barriers even oh
there's just no way oh Mewtwo is far too
powerful far too powerful for our little
Mew okay it's time to go for Ice Beam
strats and we even get the special drop
oh no oh no I thought we had a chance we
we had no chance Mewtwo is far too
powerful oh man Mewtwo you beast and
just crits again this this kind of
proves that in gen one I know that
technically Mew and Mewtwo are Ubers but
there is only one real Uber Pokemon in
gen one and it's Mewtwo Mew just doesn't
stack up but here we have paralyzed it
and we got all of our sword dances set
up come on come on oh he barriers no and
he recovers
no he's fully paralyzed yes yes be
paralyzed no he recovers again oh this
Pokemon is too powerful too perfect no
wonder everybody wanted Mewtwo at the
end I can't believe that we were all so
obsessed with Mew especially when it was
in the official strategy guide back in
the day and you could see that it
started with only pound so I was like
this Pokemon
sucks I mean stat stats stats aside me
is just kind of meh we we totally should
have gone softboiled no and there are
even just three Swifts were enough to
knock us out granted I mean we are 13
levels lower so technically we're we're
not we're not nearly as strong as this
meww we should technically lose most of
the time there we finally get the freeze
though and now it's time to take our
revenge and just like that Mew has done
it we're going to dig out of there and
check our stats level 57 we've got 133
attack 134 defense not sure where we
have an extra defense there's some sort
of weird rounding going there 133 speed
133 special obviously the stats on the
left hand side include the badge boost
glitch which is why we have higher stats
over there and ThunderBolt ice beam
sword dance dig very very nice so Mew
has done it obviously I'm going to come
back and try to do a faster run with
this one but we'll do that next time for
now I just wanted to get a quick video
out just to say what's up guys thank you
so much for your support thank you for
your patience apologies more videos will
be coming anyway see you in the next one
later
a
[Music]